fix(curriculum): align CSS Colors review with lecture content (#68522)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/review-css-colors/671a90c1cf517678b130419e.md

:::

> - **`hsl()` Function**: HSL stands for Hue, Saturation, and Lightness — three key components that define a color. Modern `hsl()` syntax also supports an optional alpha value using a `/` separator.

Reviewer: add `hsl` example with the optional argument in the `hsl` code snippet please

Author: Thanks for pointing out! i have applied the changes now, please take a look

Reviewer: can you please show both uses instead? you can add a second element in the snippet

Author: Thanks! I've updated the snippet to show both hsl() forms, also I used an alpha class for the second example to distinguish so check the updated code please

```css
p {
  color: hsl(120 100% 50%);
}
```

:::

> - **`hsla()` Function**: The `hsla()` function was the original way to include transparency in HSL colors using comma-separated values. Modern CSS prefers the `hsl()` function with a `/` separator for alpha values, though `hsla()` remains supported as legacy syntax.

Reviewer: too verbose, can you make it more succint?
also please update `hsl` too, it does not mention the fourth digit

Author: Ok,Thanks! Ill make it more concise and update the hsl() section too.

Author: i have applied the changes, please look into it.

```css
div {

>   background-color: hsl(0 100% 50% / 0.5);

Reviewer: if the text is for `hsla` it should not show a different function

}
```

:::

> - **Hexadecimal**: A hex code (short for hexadecimal code) is used to represent colors in the RGB color model. The "hex" refers to the base-16 numbering system, which uses digits 0 to 9 and letters A to F. Hex codes can be written in a six-character form, such as `#FFFFFF`, or a three-character shorthand form, such as `#FFF`, when each pair of characters is identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hexadecimal**: A hex code (short for hexadecimal code) is used to represent colors in the RGB color model. The "hex" refers to the base-16 numbering system, which uses digits 0 to 9 and letters A to F. Hex codes can be 6 characters long `#F498A2`, or 3 characters long equivalent to a 6 character one where each pair has the same digit twice, like `#2FB` is equivalent to `#22FFBB`.
```

> - **Hexadecimal**: A hex code (short for hexadecimal code) is used to represent colors in the RGB color model. The "hex" refers to the base-16 numbering system, which uses digits 0 to 9 and letters A to F. Hex codes can be 6 characters long `#F498A2`, or 3 characters long equivalent to a 6 character one where each pair has the same digit twice, like `#2FB` is equivalent to `#22FFBB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hexadecimal**: A hex code (short for hexadecimal code) is used to represent colors in the RGB color model. The "hex" refers to the base-16 numbering system, which uses digits 0 to 9 and letters A to F. Hex codes can be 6 characters long, like `#F498A2`, or a 3-character shorthand, which works when each pair in the full form uses the same character twice. For example, #2FB is equivalent to #22FFBB.
```
